
important improvements
----------------------

add features to the GUI
  -> direct control over `actions'
  -> preview similar to ftgrid
  -> autocompletion of file names with tab key

control `gasp' table; Adam Twardoch suggest the following:

  1. Calculate "gaspstem", i.e. the most common thickness of horizontal
     stems (y direction distances) for lowercase Latin letters.
  2. If gaspstem <= 0.03 * upm, apply gasp symmetric smoothing across the
     entire range (rangeMaxPPEM 0xFFFF, value 15)
  3. Else, calculate gaspthreshold as follows:
       ceil(1.33 * upm / gaspstem) - 1
  4. Apply no symmetric smoothing up to the gaspthreshold ppem (rangeMaxPPEM
     gaspthreshold, value 7), and apply symmetric smoothing above.

  In addition, ttfautohint should provide a commandline parameter that
  allows the user to override the automatic logic.  If that parameter = 0,
  then gasp value 15 should be applied across the entire range.  If the
  parameter > 0, then up to that parameter value the gasp value 7 should be
  applied, and gasp value 15 should be applied above.

create a separate blue zone class for `i' and `j':
  . if the values differ more than a given threshold, handle them
    separately
  . otherwise, unify them with `f' and friends.

user-defined blue zones?
  -> old-style digits

control the width of blue zones

add control over character ranges that define a script; in particular, add
  support for the PUA

control the minimum stem width

try to `embolden' fonts at small sizes to avoid drop-outs; cf. Infinality
  patches

make switching between smooth and strong hinting dependent on user-defined
  ranges

improve `adjust-subglyphs' by making the used PPEM value configurable

allow hinting of single glyphs, using a config file that holds the global
  settings

better handling of `incomplete' fonts (this is, fonts that lack the minimum
  set of glyphs necessary to determine the blue zones)

add second-pass analysis to improve positioning of composite glyphs

introduce a new control instructions command to apply a given delta to a
whole contour


minor improvements
------------------

add a glossary to the documentation

reject fonts that are `hopeless' (for example, `Lipstick')

correctly set `lowestRecPPEM' field in `head'

control dropout mode

apply hinting in x direction also?
  -> warper: shifting with and without scaling
  -> `standard' autofit hinting

add a config and/or command file for batch handling

warn against overwrite of output file in command-line mode?

reduce output size of option -p:
  1. compare outline rendered at EM value with unhinted outline
  2. adjust subglyphs only if result of item 1 differs more than given
     threshold (default 0.5%?)

better control of -i output

allow processing of multiple files by using globs as in the Midnight
  Commander?

allow composite fonts already processed by ttfautohint to be processed
  again (due to option `hint-composites' this isn't urgent)

make ttfautohint remember options:
  1. collect md5 checksums in a `~/.ttfautohint_history' file so that fonts
     can be re-processed easily, using the same parameters
  2. if fonts already processed by ttfautohint can be re-processed (which
     isn't possible yet), parse the `version' string for parameters

implement (sort of) the opposite of -x, this is, decrease the x height


later enhancements
------------------

add CJK autohinting module

instead of emitting bytecode, write the hints as a VTT or FontLab script

Windows/Mac installer


various
-------

testing with Windows and Apple font checkers

man page for ttfautohint library

add help2man script so that parallel builds always work

EOF
